re
Today's back Kan- chan, I just want to wait for a moment , but I just want to say,
One before that
Hey recently Ne Moreno Well where I live now
Since I am with me over the well voice it a station of the mall I
Because I'm amazed
If you can talk to you, it will be a very surprising constitution
If you say today's hey videos what do you say
It will come out to Nanaa well in animation well This million nano only bone
This appeared in the Tteyuu before that the real is to do a video post youtube is the that the cartoon
It was a hobby to collect and it was a jump comics, etc.
Pretty when I long ago etc. Yeah mer of junior high school
One Piece Bleach and bulk countryside countryside Ru old man and Anomaa
Nero and Kane
Gosh and collect
Is not it amazing full this only up to about 1 year of high school students college
See you for this
There's still a lot of room teachers here
In this way
There is a lot, but there are a lot of Rosario and vampires in Conan or back .
so
Not this time
The first time Rayuru tube up to a little not enough now
I it at all now that Unanda But look-around Metallica
I have not collected manga videos that I would like to go to the sea with videos that supplement it
After all it is good
I that I mean back Ikebukuro I Junkudo Gane Well in from Ikebukuro
If you are born after the pure thing and give it various
Since the beginning of the street of the flowing Well now water because I forgot the wallet Well Nema on the way back
I took a little bit but
Sound order device
I went towards the
What a cartoon
Also But running a do
The Nematoriaezu dress today or buy a part that does not eat Ne be Nki in
You won't be afraid that you won 60
You know I that I little I Some bought after
I well but it is because there is so much to therefore no I I bought also burritos over the subtle
It's like this
It was the video I of the imaginary etc. scan Khan through battleship channels that do it more than the first time in a long time